I received the phone call that a sister had passed away while giving birth.
When people in the area had that a sister had died, they got angry.
They assumed that a sister had died because of having refused the blood transfusion.
On the day of the burial, there was a difficult situation.
Some family members did not want Jehovah's Witnesses to carry out the funeral ceremony.
They just took the coffin away and headed to the cemetery without giving us a chance to deliver the talk.
As soon as possible, we came up with an alternative plan since we saw their need for encouragement.
We decided to go to the Kingdom Hall to have the talk there,
which made it possible for the brothers and sisters to be strengthened by the Kingdom Hall.
The news of what happened on this day spread like wildfire.
We were nervous when we thought of going out in the ministry.
So we had to rely on Jehovah to go and preach to the same people who had reacted aggressively at the funeral.
Without a doubt, Jehovah and his spirit helped us and we were able to preach to these people.
We were also relieved when the medical officials explained why a sister died.
That it was not because she refused the blood transfusion.
That really was an answer to our prayers.
At first, the husband of the deceased sister was the only witness in his family.
But eventually, after all of this took place, two of his relatives became Jehovah's Witnesses.
Another interesting fact is that two chiefs who were present at the funeral attended the memorial.
The wrong view some people had toward us changed.
Thanks to the power of the good news and the peaceable attitude of our brothers and sisters.